>> Joe Nelson: So, we could do,
the only thing they give in when we call
these results or something, or just JSON.
We can get the entries, but
they call entries out of it.
Let's just say get the entries.
We really want that the URLs of
each video, as we were going along.
So feed,
entry.
And for each of these,
you're gonna pull out ID, t.
>> Joe Nelson: Okay, well let's do it.
>> Speaker 2: One other thing,
somebody said this makes him want to
learn Haskell and I'm like, yeah.
Everybody was yeah.
>> Joe Nelson: Yay.
>> Speaker 2: But you can't just
go to work tomorrow and be like,
let's use Haskell for our next project.
They'll be like, okay, well, we might
as well just go bankrupt right now,
because how many barriers is there
to learning Haskell is there?
But this is cool because you can mix this
with your normal day to day stuff, and
get really good and learn it.
When we go to Haskell this is,
we're writing basically
Haskell code right there.
>> Joe Nelson: This is verbose Haskell.
>> Speaker 2: Yeah, verbose Haskell.
[LAUGH]
>> Joe Nelson: So I can't do dot.
I have to say chain.the, it's long.
>> Speaker 2: All the same types, all
the same laws, all the same constructs.
>> Joe Nelson: There's no dupe logs to
just go down the monads real easily.
>> Speaker 2: Yeah.
>> Joe Nelson: Haskell's like
the spirit of this, but
written in this much space.
>> Joe Nelson: Okay.
Get off my high horse and write some code.
I'm gonna do something that maps over.
I guess we got to get the entries and
plug some stuff out.
What do you want to call this thing?
VideoURLs, and it takes the,
or it just takes JSON.
Then it goes to a bunch of URLs.
We'll see if this is more than
we can chew with this one.
>> Joe Nelson: Okay, so
we want to get compose.
Get in reverse order T.
Over this one of them left a map again,
because entry's an array, and
an array is just a as we know.
I'm going to write it in reverse, because
I'm thinking I'll just be using pipe.
So in reverse,
you have to get your good feed.
And when we have feed,
we're gonna get entries.
I think our entry here.
>> Speaker 2: Underscore.get.
>> Joe Nelson: Thanks.
>> Speaker 2: You're at manual JSON.
>> Joe Nelson: This is just great.
>> Speaker 3: Hey, hey, I'm warning.
>> Joe Nelson: [SOUND].
[SOUND] Okay.
We got that, and we're going to map
over this because it's an array.
And it's gonna be another compose.
It's kind of nasty.
>> Speaker 2: Yeah,
it'll pull it out anyway, just to do it.
>> Joe Nelson: Yeah, okay-
>> Speaker 2: Just write a function there
and just be like what
are we having get the?
>> Joe Nelson: It's
gonna be called getURL?
Get entry URL?
>> Speaker 2: I think we did this,
before we did entryToLi right there.
We could do URLs here and
then In turn URLs.
Yeah, let's do that way.
No because before we hit that problem,
the entry had all this data on it.
And we just wanted to use a normal
function right there and get it all out.
We don't want to like lose stuff.
No we can do that with the URL.
>> Joe Nelson: I just want the URL,
ultimately.
>> Speaker 2: But
you want the title in the LI.
>> Joe Nelson: You're
right about the title too.
>> Speaker 2: That's great.
I appreciate it.
Little secret knowledge,
we've built this before as a test to make
sure we weren't gonna be embarrassed.
>> Joe Nelson: And
we're still embarrassed.
>> Speaker 2: [LAUGH]
It's still embarrassing.
Stupid YouTube baby.
What kinda response is that?
This is the most ridiculous
response I've ever seen.
I wanna know who's responsible for $t.
>> Joe Nelson: Okay.
All right.
So, we'll get it eventually,
but this will be curated,
just those things in it, the URL and the.
>> Speaker 2: What we did last time was
we just turned it directly in a ratio,
because it was really convenient
to make a dom element with
the title as the HTML, I mean.
>> Joe Nelson: So rather than take this
thing, sanitize it so that it only has
what we want, and then take that sanitized
thing to make our HTML, we could just go
straight from the whole thing to
HTML format, the stuff that we need.
Okay.
>> Speaker 2: Probably
after we get these results,
which is probably the last step
before we should probably
start wrapping it up, I think.
Unless we want to go for
the player, but it's already five.
>> Joe Nelson: Okay.
>> Speaker 2: We could probably do it.
>> Joe Nelson: Or what we could
do is finish this last thought.
Jump to the last commit, start examining
things along the way and see it in action,
cuz you gotta see it happening.
>> Students: [CROSSTALK] [LAUGH]
>> Speaker 2: Yes,
you've been building it up all this time.
>> Joe Nelson: Yeah, okay, so
we want to do entryToLi, right?
>> Speaker 2: Yeah.
Somebody is very unsatisfied [INAUDIBLE].
>> Joe Nelson: Uh-oh.
>> Speaker 2: It's because I
didn't get to [INAUDIBLE] I think.
>> [INAUDIBLE]
>> Speaker 5: I never.
>> Speaker 5: But we'll talk about later.
>> Speaker 2: [LAUGH]
>> Joe Nelson: Okay.
>> Joe Nelson: Great, for
I think function will have an entry.
And an entry will be one of
these things which are cool,
which will have an idea, great,
great, great, and a title.
So let's make, sorry,
what do you thinking?
I probably have to write
an actual function.
>> Speaker 2: Yeah, just write a function
that just makes the jQuery element.
We did this before, and it was like,
this is too much trouble.
It took the entry-
>> Joe Nelson: I feel like I don't have
free will.
When I do a problem twice,
I do it the same way.
>> Speaker 2: [LAUGH]
>> Joe Nelson: The same hesitation.
>> Speaker 2: I don't know.
It's a little different.
But we wanna do the LI with the,
we used the JQuery constructor, cuz we
had problems, the data [INAUDIBLE] thing?
I see, you're just gonna do, okay.
>> Joe Nelson: Yeah,
you know what I'm gonna do?
That's a much better idea.
That's a very much better idea.
We're gonna make-
>> Speaker 2: [CROSSTALK]
>> Joe Nelson: HTML.
Wait a second, so you make this right?
And then we add stuff to it?
>> Speaker 2: Or you could just give it
an object
>> [INAUDIBLE]
>> Joe Nelson: Nice, that's so nice.
>> Speaker 2: You do text and
data.
>> Joe Nelson: elt.id.ot?
>> Speaker 2: Yeah.
>> Joe Nelson: Yes.
Okay.
And also, and text goes to alt.title.T.
Well, so much for
our composable stuff.
Okay.
Maybe we should, all right.
So now it's right here,
our video, the Lis.
Wait.
>> Joe Nelson: What was
this before the URLs?
So we have,
what's coming through right now?
It's a stream of results
of actual API result.
We want to find the right spot enough
through it, and then make HTML after that.
>> Speaker 2: They're worried
about us making an Li here.
Yeah.
It's just easier, we don't have,
we're not dealing with handlebars,
we're not going to bring handlebars.
For one Li, this whole project,
or a data bindings or something.
>> Joe Nelson: Yeah, another question.
I was bringing it up before,
is this in pure?
Making this thing?
But in a way,
it's just kind of hanging out in memory,
the way it knew whatever
object it would be.
It's not attached to anything.
It doesn't change anything.
It's just hanging out
waiting to be applied.
>> Speaker 2: Yeah, it's still cool.
>> Joe Nelson: And it's not HTML anymore.
>> Speaker 2: I think you need
strings around that first property.
Type data id.
>> Joe Nelson: Because of dash.
All right, I wanna get to
another visible thing.
Brain is freezing.
>> Speaker 2: Why not just log the Lis
instead of logging the Lis that come out?
Why don't we just call
some HTML with them, and
we'll just to get a list of the YouTube?
>> Joe Nelson: Down here?
>> Speaker 2: The student log
is the errors, so the other,
the right side of where it's
going to be a success function,
which is just basically set
HTML with our results to.
I think the HTML is [CROSSTALK] lower.
It's capital H.
>> Joe Nelson: Can I have to run IO here?
>> Speaker 2: No,
we didn't put that in IO.
Mainly because it's the end of the line,
there's no need to be pure at this point.
So, I mean,
you're going through all these types.
Everything above our whole op is pure,
and then we finally get our future back.
Why would we put in an IO and
just take it right back out?
That's silly, so we want to put it in IO.
We certainly can.
And then the next person can take up and
extend it, but
we don't plan on doing that at
this point which are in here.
>> Joe Nelson: Okay.
So, set in H, okay, so
we need a new stream at this point,
a stream of allies stay here.
>> Speaker 2: Getting the JSON
from a search stream.
And then.
So we want to map over the search streams
[INAUDIBLE]
>> Joe Nelson: Compose will be composing.
>> Speaker 2: You guys are champs.
Thanks for [INAUDIBLE] [LAUGH]
>> Joe Nelson: [INAUDIBLE] indeed.
Hardcore.
Okay.
>> Speaker 2: So entry.li.
>> Joe Nelson: Yeah.
>> Speaker 2: And you're going to map over
the search stream, or
compose it with the search stream.
>> Joe Nelson: Yup.
>> Speaker 2: Switch our search stream
to our LI stream, we'll go and
see what happens.
>> Joe Nelson: I have high hopes.
>> Speaker 2: Yeah [LAUGH].
>> Joe Nelson: Wait.
My god, really?
>> Speaker 2: What is it not?
[INAUDIBLE] What is our element there?
>> [INAUDIBLE]
>> Speaker 6: Text doesn't need to be
in quotes?
>> Joe Nelson: No, it's saying just like
I can't call $t undefined, so this ID,
alt ID must be undefined.
>> Speaker 2: What's, what are we calling?
Yes, it was this one,
this is a funny situation.
So, what's happening in search is
returning a center of the future that
we're mapping over, search stream.
I'm sorry, it's returning as
it is an event stream, and
then it's going to return us a future.
And that future returns us an array.
That's three functors deep.
So we do map, map, map.
Let's see what happens.
>> Joe Nelson: There's even more actually,
because it's returning us the thing
that has feed, entry, whatever.
We haven't even pulled that out.
>> Speaker 2: We haven't, yeah.
>> Joe Nelson: It's deep in there.
>> Speaker 2: So, once you do map,
let's do result to LI,
and then we'll do that entryToLi,
or resultToHTML.
>> Joe Nelson: Wait, result to-
>> Speaker 2: Switch the entryToLi,
and just make it resultToHTML.
>> Joe Nelson: Entry, okay.
So make this resultToHTML.
We don't have a resultToHTML, do we?
>> Speaker 2: Yeah, we'll just make that.
We're just gonna basically be,
okay, we have a future here.
We're gonna map over the future and-
>> Joe Nelson: What I feel like
doing is at this point going to this-
>> Speaker 2: Yeah.
>> Joe Nelson: And
just showing the difs and
commenting briefly on what
happened in each dif.
>> Speaker 2: Yeah.
>> Joe Nelson: Because
you can see the flavor, and
the rest is just us debugging.
>> Speaker 2: [LAUGH] Yeah,
that's right, [INAUDIBLE].
Get there.
>> Joe Nelson: I like that,
so I'll do that.
>> Speaker 2: We get to see the pain
of us trying to open up types,
that's the same pain that's trying
to compose callbacks and callbacks.
>> Joe Nelson: Yeah.
>> Speaker 2: Not really.
>> Joe Nelson: I'm having to debug,
nothing's,
normally gets tied to something,
say that's wrong, you can't even do that,
don't even try running it.
But at this point.
>> Speaker 2: So,
systems are going to stash.
>> Joe Nelson: Okay, so front blank
slate to create search in that stream.
I'll log in, that's kind of one
of the first things we did.
Okay, we had to get IO
stuff like we did before.
We made our listen like we did before.
Yeah. Okay. This is easy.
We already did this stuff.
That's in a different file,
was a cool one.
Transform event stream of keyups to
that of values, we did that too.
>> Speaker 2: Can you just zoom
to the end and watch around and
look at it for a second?
>> Joe Nelson: Fine, fine.
>> Students: [LAUGH]
>> Joe Nelson: I'm fine and stuff.
>> Speaker 5: Yeah, we probably
should walk through the final bold.
>> Speaker 2: Yeah.
>> Joe Nelson: Things work.
Yeah.
>> Joe Nelson: File animal.
>> Speaker 2: Did we ever commit the last
change we made?
>> Joe Nelson: I thought so.
No.
>> Speaker 2: [LAUGH] That's why.
>> Joe Nelson: Render
video search results.
>> Speaker 5: A lot of zeros there.
>> Joe Nelson: [INAUDIBLE]
This should be it.
Let's debug it, and
this will be our last bit.
>> Speaker 2: Okay.
>> Joe Nelson: Actually there's,
I want to see what kind of
we thought hadn't changed.
So we got to get data, and a last.
A lot.
Okay, let's open it up.
>> Speaker 2: It's gonna look different,
because every time it's-
>> Joe Nelson: Slightly different words.
>> Speaker 2: Yeah [LAUGH].
>> Joe Nelson: Okay.
Okay.
>> [INAUDIBLE]
>> Speaker 2: Yeah, it is.
All right.
The only thing we did extra pretty
much was that we changed fork to our,
we just gave it its success
callback down there,
which probably would be better and
take it to at the callback.
There's a lot baked into the helper.
>> Joe Nelson: I want to try it on Canary.
I remember one time that-
>> Speaker 2: Yeah, that's right.
It was the new one, it was all-
>> Joe Nelson: There was a security thing
Chrome was trying to do to be helpful,
and it wasn't.
Or I guess it is helpful, but not to us.
>> Joe Nelson: Yeah.
>> Joe Nelson: Please
play the animal video.
Please work.
Man.
>> [INAUDIBLE]
>> Joe Nelson: It's right here.
It's just too small, it wrapped.
>> Speaker 2: Yeah.
[LAUGH]
>> Joe Nelson: And the final payoff.
>> Students: [LAUGH]
>> Joe Nelson: This is what functional
programming does to you.
>> Students: [LAUGH]
>> Joe Nelson: Yeah, okay.
>> Speaker 2: Man.